## Twitter-data-anlysis-using-Apache-Pig

### Description

The purpose of this project is to re-implement Twitter data analysis using Apache Pig.The previous implementation of Twitter data analysis can be found at [Visit Previous Implementation](https://github.com/samanthaantony/Twitter-Data-Analysis-using-Map-Reduce-on-Hadoop- "Twitter Data Analysis")

### Pseudo-Code

In the Pig script, you can access the path of the input graph as '$G' and the output path as '$O'. That is, you can use LOAD '$G' USING ..., to load the graph and STORE X INTO '$O' ..., to write the relation X to the output directory.


### Details
In this project, we use real data from Twitter from 2010. The dataset represents the follower graph that contains links between tweeting users in the form:id,follower_id. For example,

```java
12,13
12,14
12,15
16,17

```

Here, users 13,14 and 15 are followers of user 12, while user 17 is a follower of user 16.We have taken a small dataset which contains 10,000 lines of complete which is in small-twitter.csv.

First, for each twitter user you count the number of users she follows. Then, you group the users by their number of users they follow and for each group you count how many users belong to this group. That is, the result will have lines such as:

10 30

which says that there are 30 users who follow 10 users.

### Compile & Running

Compile Twitter.java using:

```java
run twitter.build
```

and you can run Twitter.java in standalone mode over a small dataset using:

```java
sbatch twitter.local.run
```

Results generated by the program will be in the directory output. These results should be:

```java

1	8527
2	563
3	72
4	21
5	3
6	3
7	2

```


The results generated by your program will be in the directory output. These results should be:

```java
sbatch twitter.distr.run
```

This will process the data on the large dataset which is on Comet and will write the result in the directory output-distr. These results should be similar to the results in the file large-solution.txt. 


